# Solid Authorization Panel
September 9th, 2020

## Present

- Justin B
- Henry S
- Dmitri Z
- elf P
- Josh C
- Martynas J


## Agenda

- Use Case Survey - https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/blob/master/proposals/wac-ucr/uc-survey.md
- Use Case Requirements - Commencing with text
- Update on Interop Primer

## Minutes

### Use Case Survey

- JB: Are people good with current ratings in document?
    - DZ +1, EP +1, JB +1, HS +1

- JB: Can people get their rating in before Monday?
    - JB +1, DZ +1, EP +1, HS +1

### Use Case Requirements

JB: Proposing to have requirements structured similar to use cases, grouping them based on what they are - then use tagging for prioritization in terms of release / specs.

ERICP: Don't use too much energy except where needed to resolve internal battles over features / priorities

PAVLIK: If someone has a proposal of how to satisfy a requirement the person should still submit and not be discouraged.

JB: Good examples of UCR requirement docs?

EP: SPARQL 1.1 did a good job

https://www.w3.org/TR/sparql11-query/
https://www.w3.org/TR/rdf-dawg-uc/
https://www.w3.org/TR/sparql-features/

### Primer work from Interop Panel

PAVLIK: Work on more complex scenarios is commencing under the interop panel through the primer. Invite people to start providing feedback and collaborating on these non-trivial use cases. (JB +1)


https://solid.github.io/data-interoperability-panel/primer/
https://github.com/solid/data-interoperability-panel/labels/Primer
https://solid.github.io/data-interoperability-panel/ecosystem/

### Misc

PAVLIK: Mentioning that another draft has been pushed for Authentication through the Authentication Panel

https://github.com/solid/authentication-panel/blob/master/oidc-authentication.md

PAVLIK: Noting the codependency between AuthN and AuthZ. 
    - May need to investigate how access tokens and verifiable credentials can interplay (for example).
    - Proposal from zenomt - similar pattern to UMA
    - May need to prioritize some research here if the authn
    spec is blocking something we need for authorization
    - Need closer coordination with them
